docs: DOC-1127 (#2486)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/troubleshooting/pcg.md

2. Contact your VMware administrator if you are missing any of the required permissions.

3. Delete the existing PCG cluster and redeploy a new one so that the new permissions take effect.

## Scenario - VMware Resources Remain After Cluster Deletion

> In the scenario, a VMWare workload cluster is deleted, and later re-created with the same name, the resources from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the scenario where a VMWare workload cluster is deleted and later re-created with the same name, the resources from the
```

> previous cluster may need to be cleaned up properly. This can cause the new cluster to fail to provision. To address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
previous cluster may not be fully cleaned up. This can cause the new cluster to fail to provision. To address
```

> this issue, you must manually clean up the resources from the previous cluster. Use the following steps to clean up the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this issue, you must manually clean up the resources from the previous cluster. Use the following steps for guidance.
```

Reviewer: Too much "clean up" repetition

> resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
